# FAQ

## General

### Who are you?

Logits AI was founded by [Anand](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anand-henry/) and
[Anthony](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthonyyeh/), two infrastructure engineers who met while
working on [Vitess](https://github.com/vitessio/vitess) at YouTube. After YouTube, they went on to
work on [Kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes) at Google Cloud and to lead teams in
Data Governance and AI Privacy at Google and Meta.

### How do you pronounce Logits?

The word [logit](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Logit) is an abbreviation for *logistic unit*,
so we pronounce it with a soft G as in the word *logistic*.

### Are the in-cluster components open source?

Our code is not open source because it's tightly integrated with our proprietary tooling for
remote operations (remote observability, continuous deployment, etc).
However, we try to be as open as possible about our [architecture](architecture.md) so you can make
an informed decision to allow our software to run in your environment.

## Installation

### What permissions does your software have in my cluster?

For the most part, we only have permission to see and modify our own workloads in the Kubernetes
namespace that you create for us. The one permission we request outside this namespace is read
access to Nodes, which we use to detect the presence of Nodes with GPUs and adapt our deployments
accordingly.

Note that this permission only allows us to see metadata like Node labels, kubelet readiness,
and total CPU/GPU/Memory capacity. We cannot see any Pods running on those Nodes, except for Pods
in our own namespace. You can also restrict the set of Nodes we can see and on which our Pods can
run by specifying a [nodeSelector](../helm/gateway/values.yaml).

For more details, see the [Gateway RBAC](../helm/gateway/templates/gateway-rbac.yaml) file in our
Helm chart.

### What configuration options are available in the Helm chart?

See the examples in the [values.yaml](../helm/gateway/values.yaml) file.
These can be set with either the `--set` or `--values` flags when running
[`helm install`](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/cheatsheet/#install-and-uninstall-apps).

## Remote Ops

### What do you mean by Remote Ops?

We operate our stack much like a typical SaaS provider would, performing rollouts and monitoring for
problems. However, to respect the gravity of your proprietary data, we bring the LLMs to your data
instead of asking you to send your data out to us.

To achieve that, we partition our [architecture](architecture.md) such that your data never leaves
your environment, and yet we can still maintain and upgrade our software remotely.
The only thing we see on our side is redacted logs and metrics generated by our own software.
For example, no content from prompts or responses to our Chat Completion API would ever leave your cluster.

### What kind of information leaves my cluster?

Our metrics include things like counters and histograms for requests, errors, latency, queue sizes, etc.

We collect redacted logs with an explicit passlist, meaning if we don't know that there is no PII,
we do not collect it. Note that you can see everything in your own Kubernetes Pod logs, even those
logs that we do not collect.

We are also able to remotely inspect the Kubernetes objects (Deployments, Pods, etc) in our own
namespace to confirm configuration and check their status. We cannot see any Kubernetes objects
outside our namespace except for Nodes, as discussed above in:
"What permissions does your software have in my cluster?"

See the [Collector Architecture](architecture.md#collector) for more details.
